Yeah that's perfect. If we sit down and go through this all in one go, that'll be tiring. Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
I'd say Jon Stewart. He's a comedian on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart. He's really witty and sarcastic, sophisticated and surprisingly optimistic. I'd like to hear about what he thinks of the world. Hmmm I'm not too up with my celebrities. Can't really think of a single person, but someone really outspoken and with strong opinions
Preferably a really unpopular dude haha That would make for an interesting conversation. Would you like to be famous? In what way? I'm not quite sure on this one. I'd like to build something that people can use, or discover something that people will find cool. Something related to AI, maybe? Hmmm I'd say no. I feel like fame always comes with a lot of scrutiny and I value privacy haha I wouldn't mind making something that helps a ton of people, but I don't think I'd like being the name associated with anything
That would be burdensome. Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why? For an interview, to MIT faculty, or to someone I like. No, I usually just wing it, even for interviews I used to get really nervous and practice saying everything even if it was insignificant haha Do you also wing meeting people too? 4. What would constitute a “perfect” day for you? I'd say whenever I can connect something I'm doing in one place with something in another place Like an idea in one class with an idea on a research project Oh wow, no I get sooooo nervous when I have to talk to someone else Haha so academic Perfect day hmmmm Probably like 72 degrees Fahrenheit, sun and some big clouds, 0% humidity Winds coming from north at about 5mph Those are really specific conditions. 5. When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else? I sing to myself everyday in the shower. Last time I sang to someone else was for a promposal back in high school. Hahaha promposal!!
Is there a video???? Dude I was never promposed to. I sang to myself today while I was driving The last time I sang to someone. Serenaded my friend over FaceTime haha Sorry it was more a private affair OOF. It might be because you're intimidating? 6. If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want? I'd go with the mind of a 30 year old because I'd want to nurture my grandkids Am I intimidating????? I feel like that's false haha Hmm I think body Being trapped in a non functioning body while still being fully conscious is something I'm really scared of Maybe that'll change when I get older hmm But I don't think I could deal with being in a week hair or bedridden I mean, if I saw this picture of you back in high school I would find it intimidating Yeah I know what you mean. I hate being sick in general. 7. Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die? Sleep. I feel I'll just sleep one day and not wake up.
okay I don't look like that in real life right?? Haha haven't really thought about it terminal disease probably gasp emoticon Yeah I'm Joking. You're not intimidating.
8. Name three things you and your partner appear to have in common. I'll do this If we both do it it might be too many and too hard We both likes jokes We both like kids We both are pretty carefree When did I say I like kids??? (I do) ok nexxxxt! I'm ready!! Well someone who likes Iowa because it's a good place to raise kids should like kids!
9. For what in your life do you feel most grateful? Definitely parents. They've done a lot for me. Mmhmm same, but let me pick something different Probably my high school math teachers, they definitely played a huge part in my personality and academics haha Oh sweet. Can you describe one or some of them? Hmm in general just really laid back, likes to go on a lot of tangents, got us really excited about random things that may or may not be math related haha Okay. I had this really amazing math teacher. It's too bad she's married and ten years older than me. frown emoticon 10. If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be? I would like siblings I wish I danced! Dude Give me your sister I can send you back in time by a few years If you can 11. Take four minutes and tell your partner your life story in as much detail as possible. Deal dude I'll ship her out tomorrow Oh man how is this going to work 4 minutes???? Yeah four minutes Time yourself? I'll look forward to the package Okay. I'm out of the car. I'll go first? I'd say my life has always been strange because I want to know how to make the most impact. I came to live in Chinatown, New York City in 2003, moved to Queens for middle school. There I met some really good friends. I met these two girls back in 6th grade who both liked me and ended up hating each other. I've always been really dense and I couldn't figure out that when two girls measure the lengths of their hair after you say you like girls with 12'' hair, they probably like you: That was overall a spectacular failure. I'm still friends with both of them, one more so than the other. I went to an interesting middle school. Some girls were having sex, others doing drugs and people were sagging their pants even before it became a national occurrence. I went to a good public high school and became more interested in physics so I worked on a project relating to optics. Somewhere along the way I made a lot of friends I cherish to this day. There's an Indian guy at Princeton into business, an CS major at Cornell, a neuroscience major at UPenn, a physics major at Harvard and some people here at MIT. Sometimes I go back and visit. My ex girlfriend still wants to be a muse curator. She's also at UPenn now I really liked the girl I promposed to, she's at Brooklyn College now because she couldn't afford Yale which is sad. After watching the movie Her with her, I became more interested in AI. Sometimes I feel guilty for switching to another field but my professor understands and I am happier here so go figure. On campus I've made some really good friends with some international students and some people here and there I hate groups and cliches I prefer talking to people one on one I used to be with someone back during first semester but she cut it off and we're good friends now I also had two girl friends on campus. One was jealous of the other for receiving more attention And we ended up stop talking She's staying in simmons which is partly why I want to move out to MacGregor And research is going well I think we'll work on the paper for the first part of summer. Okay. Done. May 29 12 inch hair so specific hahaha Dood I was 12. 12 inches seemed like a perfect length. Your turn? Actually I'm sorry. That was inconsiderate of me. That's not something everyone's okay sharing. Nah dude I'm fine with it haha. Just gotta get a past that activation energy. Tell me about it. It is harder the more colorful your story is I had to leave out a few details because it would have been too long to explain Aight this is gonna happen I was born in Beijing, moved over to the US when I was 2. We started out in Michigan and I stayed there until maybe 4 or 5 (don't remember much lol) until we moved to Indiana. In preschool I was always really quiet. I was hanging (talking) with a friend on the playground, and after the teacher pulled me aside and commented about how she thought I couldn't speak Mostly because I was painfully shy There was a boy who liked to catch beetles and squish them. White stuff would come out of their butts like miniature toothpaste idk why I still remember this LOL In kindergarten I had problems telling left from right and spelling "girl" I peed my pants in kindergarten once because I was too shy to ask the girl in the bathroom to hurry up In first and second grade my teachers would always praise me for good work so that made me work harder hehe I'd say 1-4th grade made me smart haha 3rd grade I moved to Illinois started playing piano there There was a girl called Samantha B who hated me for no reason probably because I was popular *hair flip* jkjk 5th grade finally moved to Iowa, still live there now. One month into 5th grade I got bumped up to 6th went into middle school not knowing anyone Met these two asian twin dudes who 欺负'd me a lot up through high school nah, just middle school
we were friends in high school
and we're still good friends now haha
For high school I switched school districts so I could go to this public magnet school thing
basically I spent mornings at my home high school taking orchestra/debate/etc
then in the afternoon I had math/science/english at the other school
The other school called Central was really great
super chill
reminds me of MIT
made me smart
omg we're boarding I'll finish this later
also I went over 4 minutes lol
June 1
6/1, 3:28pm
LOOOOL. Take your time. Also they probably had a crush on you. wink emoticon
Where are you taking the plane to?

6/1, 4:37pm

Seattle!
June 1
6/1, 8:18pm
Oh sweet! For an internship?

6/1, 8:54pm

Yup!
ok finishing this
Freshman year of MIT I was a super good student haha
met my two best friends QeeQee and Sophia
That summer I roomed with Sophia and UROPed
started photography
Sophomore year was a blur
spent the summer in Los Angeles
and then junior year
wooh!
6/1, 10:06pm
LOOOL
That was really fun to hear.
Thanks for sharing.
12. If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
I'd want the ability to see the trends that affect people. For instance, it'd be cool to see how Facebook usage changes for people in different areas around the world depending on their age, sex, occupation, and education.
June 2

6/2, 10:55am

Hahah what would you do with it?
I would want to be able to tell if people are lying.
6/2, 10:57am
You could find a lot of correlations and build products that people would want to use
When was the last time someone lied to you?

6/2, 10:59am

Hahaha I have no idea
6/2, 11:00am
Okay
This one is fun
13. If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
I'd want to know how my career unfolds

6/2, 11:03am

I'd want to know what career would fit me best lol
6/2, 11:09am
Yeah. That would help.
14. Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?
Id say traveling to Japan.
We've just never had the time.
To go as a family

6/2, 11:38am

Have you been before? gasp emoticon
Probably along the same lines, travel
I've never been willing to spend the money
6/2, 12:18pm
I haven't been before.
We're thinking of going next summer.
14. Tell two truths and a lie.
LOOOOL.
1) I didn't go to prom.
2) I've never been high.
3) I don't talk to any of my exes anymore.

6/2, 12:29pm

...
It'd be sad if you promposed and then don't go
6/2, 12:29pm
LOOOOL. It's a long story.

6/2, 12:29pm

6/2, 12:29pm
Or all three of these are.
So which one is a lie? grin emoticon

6/2, 12:31pm

3?
6/2, 12:32pm
Oh man.
Yeah you're right.

6/2, 12:32pm


6/2, 12:32pm

So what happened with prom?
6/2, 12:33pm
One second. I'm calling ConEd for something.
OKAY
So the girl I liked wasn't the easiest girl to talk to.
She was really like the girl in the book The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo
and shortly after I asked her to prom, someone else asked her
she said yes to him because she didn't tell anyone I asked her and ended up going with him.
However, we were dating like a few months before I asked her
and I didn't know if she would go with me because she cut off the da ting
so I asked a friend, and then wrote a letter explaining to said friend that I couldn't go with her with the other girl said she wanted to try dating again.
So it was complicated.
She was confused.
We're good friends now though.

6/2, 12:42pm


6/2, 12:42pm

That was complicated lol
6/2, 12:44pm
It's a long story.
Do you want me to go through it? This one might take a bit longer than four minutes which was why I left it out.
Or you can go and we'll just talk about this another time!

6/2, 1:23pm

Let's hear it! Still thinking about my three things lol
6/2, 1:40pm
Okay sounds good.
Well Sarah there was once a girl I really liked. For the purpose of this story, she'll be Lisbeth Salander.
We first met in Junior year back when I was taking eight classes excluding lunch and PE so I was really tired. I had health first class with a woman named Ms. Garber.
Now Ms. Garber was more a walking health hazard than a health instructor. She was an obese, alcoholic smoker.
She always wore a lot of makeup and would never get up from her chair because it was too tiring. So someone else had to write what she said on the blackboard. However, she didn't even write her own lecture notes and would read from the textbook.
I would be asleep everyday and so would everyone else
except for Lisbeth.
She had a neon green duffel backpack and diligently took notes everyday.
I was fascinated with her and watched her for a few weeks
before I would nod off.
As our first exam was coming up, I needed notes so I went up to her and said
"Hey. I've been watching you for the past few weeks and you're the only one who diligently takes notes. I'm usually asleep during class but I was wondering if you'd mind sharing your notes so I can study for the exam? I'd really appreciate it."
She is silent for a while
but then hurriedly scribbles down her email and says
"Send me an email."
She's out of the room before I can even put the slip of paper back in my pocket.
It turns out she was also a runner on the track team.
She was faster than some of the guys on our team
which says something.
However, in junior year we hated each other.
She thought I was really laid back and arrogant.
I thought she was really strict and needed to get laid as soon as possible.
She had a boyfriend at the time who loved her
so even though I liked her I never did anything.
Oh some physical characteristics.
I'd say 34AA.
She had really nice legs from running
and long flowing black hair that'd ferociously fly about in the wind
as she ran around the track.
Around 5'6''
Towards the end of the year we were working on a Rube Goldberg project
and this girl was out to get me.
Every time I proposed an idea, she'll shoot it down
and even when it would end up working
she would just ignore it and move on.
One day we had a huge argument
because she said I was a slacker
for not snowing up to the final presentations
and I kindly reminded her I was at City College working with a professor who would leave for Vietnam in two days
and would be back right away.
Over the summer, we talked more and everything was so much better.
It was as if she had gotten off a massive period
or something
but we became a lot closer.
We talked throughout fall senior year
and met for the first time in six months in January to see Her, the movie.
When I got back home, I realized I didn't see her as just a friend.
I didn't realize that she would break up with said boyfriend
a week before I asked her on dates.
We went on four
and they went well
but unfortunately she ended everything.
We agreed to become friends again but Lisbeth is not the most straightforward girl so she didn't initiate any conversations
so our friendship started withering.
One day I asked if she wanted to go to prom with anyone
she gave me a really roundabout answer
so I decided she wasn't worth it.
I asked a friend of mine, we'll call her Jeon Ji Hyun.
Jeon is ecstatic, for all the wrong reasons.
She doesn't see us as just friends.
I'm going to grab lunch
I'll finish this when I get back.
6/2, 2:35pm
But the day I asked my friend
Lisbeth said she wanted to try dating again.
I agreed because I could see myself spending a life with her.
Long story short
I told my friend I couldn't go with her.
My friend was really upset but came around later.
I sang to Lisbeth and asked her.
But Lisbeth changed her mind in a few days and went with someone else after he asked her.
I wouldn't talk to Lisbeth for another few months
and we wouldn't be close again for a year.
But everything is fine now.

6/2, 4:33pm

Yo this Lisbeth girl is so confusing, what is she thinking? Break up then date again then prom with someone else?
6/2, 4:43pm
LOOOL. It was a chaotic time.
It was a shame
We had such good chemistry together
Any crazy guys in your life?

6/2, 5:00pm

Hahaha I don't think so, they're all pretty normal
June 2

6/2, 11:34pm

2)
oops
1) I don't know how to cook.
2) I'm very sentimental.
3) I have really bad eyesight.
June 3
6/3, 7:16am
Sorry. I traveled to Europe yesterday and the wifi wasn't working
Hmm you wear glasses
And you seem to be sentimental
But you've never posted any pictures of food which is really suspicious for a girl who loves social media
So I'll go with you cant cook!

6/3, 10:14am

Hahaha LOL
nahhh
I have pretty good eyesight
No glasses tongue emoticon
And I do have plenty of pictures of food hehe
6/3, 10:23am
Seriously?!?! You wear glasses
16. What do you value most in a friendship?
Id say trust

6/3, 10:30am

Hahaha I don't wear glasses!!
Humor
6/3, 10:34am
Oh my god. That profile picture was with fake glasses.
17. What is your most treasured memory?

6/3, 10:35am

Hahahaha yes
6/3, 10:35am
Okay this one is hard

6/3, 10:36am

Hard to pick one or hard to think of one?
6/3, 10:36am
Hard to pick one
Okay so there was a time when my best friend and I were waking near school
And we saw Lisbeth walking in front of us
This was after she said yes to another guy
So my friend shouted really loudly 'YO JING HOWS THAT FRENCH GIRLFRIEND OF YOURS?!?! I HEARD SHES AMAZINGLY HOT'
I'm trying to tell him to shut up but laughing too hard
We've been friends for a long time. We don't have posters of each other but we have slept together
In the same bed*
Just to clarify. Some people do think I'm gay

6/3, 10:41am

LOL
Awwww
Do you have a lot of best friends or is it this dude?
6/3, 10:44am
You can only have one best friend
But I have a lot of close friends
Around ten
Funny though they all tend to be guys

6/3, 10:47am

Whaaaaat no I disagree, I think you can have many
Okay not many, but like a few
1 <= best friends <= 3
6/3, 10:49am
OOF..
Sarah you're playing a dangerous game
Someone is going to get hurt if you can't commit to one person

6/3, 10:49am

NAH BRO I DON'T THINK SO
6/3, 10:50am
Okay..
You're in a love triangle and you don't even know it

6/3, 10:52am

lolol if I have 3 does that make it a square?
Most treasured memory - 3 short ones  from the summer I spent in Inner Mongolia
1) Lying in bed in the apartment, purple walls and white curtains
2) Amazingly delicious and cheap omelette wrap thing street food for breakfast
3) Eating eggs and tomatoes with a ton of MSG in the dining hall for lunch/dinner
6/3, 11:08am
LOOOL. Only if they all value you equally
Mongolia is awesome
According to Battushig
Did you try any of the meats there?
18. What is your most terrible memory?
The day when my parents said they were getting life insurance.
I imagined them dying right there

6/3, 11:17am

Noooo I didn't!! But they sure did love their meat
frown emoticon
Probably something that embarrassed me
Violin audition?
6/3, 11:20am
Why was that embarrassing?
19. If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?
I'd stop going to class
And just do what I like

6/3, 11:36am

It went really badly haha. I hate playing in front of people D:
I'd probably travel for a few months
but then go back to school and chill normally
Because I really like it haha
6/3, 11:39am
You seem to dance well in front of people though
smile emoticon

6/3, 11:39am

That's okay because it's in a group hehe
thanks
6/3, 12:00pm
6/3, 12:00pm
No problem
20. What does friendship mean to you?
It's the safest most reliable social connection

6/3, 1:00pm

Someone I can talk about things I'm normally uncomfortable talking about
Sitting in silence without feeling awkward
6/3, 2:27pm
Oh that's a good one
What roles do love and affection play in your life?
LOOOOL
How about nonexistent roles.
#BachelorLife
June 4

6/4, 12:51am

Hahaha pretty big roles I guess? I need a lot of both to feel happy haha
6/4, 1:24am
OOF
Sounds needy
Jk
22. Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your partner. Share a total of five items.
Let's see. You're open, friendly, humorous, athletic, and down to earth.
June 4

6/4, 4:02pm

Hahahaha I consider myself pretty needy 
Also open
You always tell me if you can't respond right away
Straightforward
And forward lol
Easy to talk to
6/4, 4:11pm
Sweet thank you.
You know I was really shy for the longest time
23. How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?
We are really close now. We've had some rough bumps in the past because my mom used to suffer from chronic depression but she's a lot better now.

6/4, 4:18pm

No, not very close, more than acquaintances and a little less than friends
6/4, 4:19pm
Okay gotcha. Is that why you'd ship me your sister?
LOOOOL

6/4, 4:20pm

LOLOL
6/4, 4:20pm
The real question though is whether you'd ship us together.
6/4, 4:20pm
6/4, 4:20pm
24. How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?

6/4, 4:21pm

You and my sister???? lolol HAIIILLLLL NOOOO
She's a baby
6/4, 4:21pm
So like super needy and clingy?
There's only one woman in the world who gave birth to me and she's the real MVP.
Answer to the Q^

6/4, 4:22pm

Haha no just not in your age rannnngggeeee
Oh you forgot the second part of 23
6/4, 4:25pm
Oh shoot
Sorry about that. I don't think so
My mom bought bamboo sticks for a discount every few months
From a local street vendor back in China.

6/4, 4:27pm

?
6/4, 4:27pm
Oh to beat me with
back in Chiba
China

6/4, 6:17pm

Oh geez ouch
June 5
6/5, 1:59am
To some point it was cultural
All my parents' friends beat their kids
June 5
6/5, 5:20pm
You swap techniques the same way you swap cooking recipes
August 10

8/10, 2:26am

Jing! Hey sorry I've been MIA for so long...  Someone was talking about these questions and I remembered we were in the middle. If it's not too late are you still down to finish them??
August 10
8/10, 5:32pm
LOOOOOL. Don't worry about it Sarah. People are busy. Sure that sounds good.
24. How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?

8/10, 7:02pm

Didn't really get along when I lived at home, but we do pretty well now haha. I've always been easily annoyed by her but less so now (still a little bit lol)
8/10, 7:17pm
Oh man. Does your mom always worry about you when you talk to guys or stay out late?
I've also gotten a lot better with my mom. She used to be really overbearing about micromanaging my life but now she's more lax.
25. Complete this sentence: “I wish I had someone with whom I could share ... “

8/10, 8:06pm

Hahaha not really, I think she kind of shies away from real topics
But she'll like buy a ton of purses even though she doesn't use half of them
And right now whenever I go back, she just tried to buy me a ton of stuff lolol, like money can better our relationship 
I wish I had someone with whom I could share a good book
🏻
Do you have siblings?
8/10, 8:49pm
Ahhhh. I think she might feel guilty about the current status of your relationship.
No siblings!
What book?
I'd like someone I can run with.
I rarely know anyone who likes running.
26. If you were going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what would be important for him or her to know.

8/10, 9:30pm

Hahaha I think so too, but I also think I watch too many shows and that might have colored my view on things ha
I asked because you seem like an oldest child haha
Any book! I like reading and being read to (I think)
Right now in reading South of the Border, West of the Sun, but idk if I want to share this one because it's suuuuuper sexual in a non sexual way 
Did you used to do long distance running?
Hmmm nothing really major has happened to me
But I guess my closest friend needs to know that I hate avocados, I don't like eating after 8pm, I might be allergic to cantaloupe or honeydew? The green one
But only monotony allergic
Other than that, no deaths, no injuries
8/10, 9:35pm
NO WAY! I read that book and it was very sexual. In a hauntingly obsessive way.
What part are you up to? Because it does get physically sexual too at some point.
Sprinting
Honeydew! That's a shame. It's so good too
I'd say for me it's really that I talk to people very irregularly. It's not that I don't like friends. It's more that I believe in making the most out of the time we have together than creating time together all the time.
I think that because once we graduate, we go to separate careers and we won't be able to see each other often, if at all.
So the foundation of a friendship then is built on whether or not you experience "lost time" in a friendship

8/10, 9:41pm

Hahaha yeah it is! But like it's not a smut novel right? He just has a way of describing these scenes in such a clinical way, it freaks me out a little haha
I just got to the part where Yumiko's dad asked the main character to form a company under his name
I have a really bad habit of never remembering the main character's name
I get you! I'm really bad at keeping up with people as you probably have noticed
But I consider my good friends people that I can go long stretches without any contact, but when we see each other we can pick up right where we left off 🏻
8/10, 9:49pm
Ohhh. Yeah. The book gets crazy good. Just keep reading.
What? LOOOOOL
Two months is around average for  a friend at another college for me.
Since you're in another state, it sorta counts?
27. Tell your partner something that you've never told anybody else.

8/10, 10:08pm

Hahaha that's not bad! I think that's about my rate also
Hmmmmm
Crap I've told a lot of people a lot of things hahaha
Oh okay
When I was little, around 6-8? I stole a thing of lip gloss from Walmart 
8/10, 10:11pm
LOOOOL. So..if I forget for two months and you forget for another two months
we'd go four months without talking.
That's really funny.
Ah gotcha.

8/10, 10:12pm

8/10, 10:12pm
Let me think of a good response.

8/10, 10:12pm

Hey! It has been almost exactly two months since I talked to you lol
8/10, 10:12pm
like emoticon Good record.

8/10, 10:13pm

🏻️
8/10, 10:14pm
Sometimes I have nightmares about letting down a professor I used to work with because I switched from physics to CS.
To the point where I sit in my room for 20-30 minutes
not knowing what to say to him

8/10, 10:15pm

Nightmares??? 
8/10, 10:15pm
Yeah
I'd have a dream
and I'd meet him
and I'd be like
"Professor Kowach, I'm really sorry but I'm not doing physics anymore"
You have to understand the bond we shared
Back in high school I'd work until 11:30/12
We'd go out to eat in restaurants around NYC
I met his son
And took drives in his car
He met my parents
He was basically like a parent
and doing science research was something that we shared
and I felt like I was betraying him

8/10, 10:20pm

Awww
I dunno, I guess he'd be a bit disappointed but not in a bad way right?
8/10, 10:23pm
Yeah I think so
I've never asked him
what he thinks of the situation

8/10, 10:24pm

Awww nah I'm sure he'd be happy whatever you hide like a good parent 🏻
8/10, 10:25pm
Yeah you're right.
28. Tell your partner what you like about them; be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you’ve just met.

8/10, 10:26pm

Hmm
Wait is this not the first time this question was asked? lol
I gotta look up the other time
Haha dang I was too real the first time
Give me a bit to ruminate on this lol
8/10, 10:30pm
Wait have we asked this already?
LOOOOL
Okay
How about
Describe someone who's important in your life and explain why

8/10, 10:31pm

Hahaha
Wait I feel like this has also been a question before
8/10, 10:34pm
Hmmm
Okay
You think of a question?
If you ask, I'll answer.

8/11, 12:53am

If you were an ice cream flavor, what flavor would you be???
8/11, 1:11am
OOOO Good one
Definitely green tea ice cream
I love it
You?

8/11, 1:38am

Hahahahahaha so Asian!
Moose tracks!!
Because I am rich and chocolatey and have lots of layers
^totally kidding about that hahaha
August 11
8/11, 9:52am
LOOOOOL
You're not kidding about the layers though right?
August 11

8/11, 1:13pm

Hahaha guess not but everyone has layers! Nothing special 
8/11, 1:43pm
I may have layers but you've got rolls of fat like emoticon

8/11, 2:53pm

How did you know???? Hahaha
8/11, 5:28pm
You seem the type
8/11, 5:29pm

8/11, 5:34pm

8/11, 5:52pm
29. Share an embarrassing moment in your life?
August 11

8/11, 10:00pm

At a dance in high school my strapless dress fell down! 
8/11, 10:05pm
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Oh my god.
Seriously?
Okay I need more
What happened
afterwards
and how did people react

8/11, 10:05pm

Hahaha
It wasn't super big
It only slipped down to my waist so I pulled it up super fast
Only my best friend and a couple people in my group noticed I think
I hope lol
But she screamed and laughed at me really hard
It was a Halloween dance
And my group had a Pokemon theme
I made a Snorelax dress from a XXL blue t shirt
The lesson to take away is never make your own clothes
8/11, 10:11pm
So everyone saw your rolls?
Tragedy. Tsk tsk.
Wait what caused it to fall down?
I'm assuming it didn't fall down the rest of the night.

8/11, 10:12pm

 LOL YOU ARE THE WORRRRSSSSSTTT
Haha not sure! I don't think it was very secure to begin with, and I was waving my arms and jumping up and down
8/11, 10:16pm
Oh man. Scandalous Sarah.
One time in freshman year of high school, I was walking towards my locker. My friend was lying on the floor with two girls for some reason so I went over to talk to him. As soon as I walked over to him, one of the girls started giggling like crazy. She starts turning red too.
So I ask "What is wrong with her?"
And her friend says "She's probably looking up your shorts."
I was wearing these white baggy shorts which were the rage back then (Jk). And was horrified, stepped bak and left.

8/11, 10:18pm

LOL
So you go commando?
8/11, 10:21pm
You know it.
I like to be free.

8/11, 11:07pm

8/11, 11:09pm
Oh I'm just joking
That abrasion hurts a lot, especially when you have a big package.
8/11, 11:10pm
8/11, 11:10pm
Just kidding.

8/11, 11:19pm

8/11, 11:20pm
Anyway
30. When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?

8/11, 11:21pm

In front of another person when I watched Big Hero 6
By myself probably a couple weeks ago, I asked a dude on my team to help me with some JavaScript lol
8/11, 11:22pm
Which scene in Big Hero 6?
And was he not good at helping you?

8/11, 11:25pm

Oh god lol I cried in the short, when Baymax said his brother was still here, and when Batmax saved Hiro from the portal
Haha yeah not really my style I guess. I think it got to me when he laughed
8/11, 11:27pm
Huh. Why was he laughing?
Like to lighten the mood?

8/11, 11:29pm

Lol I think I said something dumb but I'm super sensitive when people laugh at me!!! 
8/11, 11:33pm
Oh. LOOOL. That's okay Sarah. The only difference between someone who's good at something and someone who's not is the the former has made every single mistake in the book.
Someone I know told me one time they were working at a company and did a SQL Drop on the database by accident
and lost all the user data
and there was no backup copy.
LOOOOOL
He was a CSAIL phD student in his sixth year too.

8/12, 12:53am

Omggggggg what happened after that???
8/12, 1:42am
Oh
Got user data again

8/12, 2:34am

Oh
Not as dramatic as I had imagined
8/12, 2:36am
Well it took a month
to get the user data
So that was very time intensive.
August 12

8/12, 1:31pm

Ahh gotcha
